ansible_playbook_collection/playbooks/roles/cdh_scm_agent/README.md, before:

# Install Cloudera Manager Agent on CentOS #

## Introduction ##

This playbook will install Cloudera Manager Agent 5.x.x on RHEL and Debian family OS.

In conjunction with the CDH_SCM_Manager playbook, it forms a starting
point for creating / managing a Cloudera Hadoop cluster.

## Variables ##

cloudera_manager_repository: (optional) Customized repository for Cloudera Manager,
                             If not set, use official Cloudera Manager repository

cloudera_java_family: (optional) Java family (7/8) to install. Default value: 8

## Other variables ##

  - fqdn: (optional) Fully Qualified Domain Name of the host. If set, will use host's fqdn value as
          fullname of the host in CMS template. Otherwise will use ansible_fqdn.

Note that by default Cloudera Agent reports back using Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) from the same
Python code as Ansible ansible_fqdn:

>      python -c 'import socket; \
                  print socket.getfqdn(), socket.gethostbyname(socket.getfqdn())'

This may not be able to retrieve the correct FQDN in some cases.


## Notes on this playbook ##

 - This role tries to install Oracle Java, but will fall back to OpenJDK if failed

## Links ##

Manual instruction for installing Cloudera Manager Agent:
 - http://www.cloudera.com/documentation/enterprise/5-5-x/topics/installation_installation.html
 - http://www.cloudera.com/documentation/enterprise/5-5-x/topics/cm_ig_install_path_b.html

Commit message:

Fix Java installation in cdh_scm_agent role.

ansible_playbook_collection/playbooks/roles/cdh_scm_agent/README.md, after:

# Install Cloudera Manager Agent on CentOS #

## Introduction ##

This playbook will install Cloudera Manager Agent 5.x.x on RHEL and Debian family OS.

In conjunction with the CDH_SCM_Manager playbook, it forms a starting
point for creating / managing a Cloudera Hadoop cluster.


## Variables ##

cloudera_manager_repository: (optional) Customized repository for Cloudera Manager,
                             If not set, use official Cloudera Manager repository

cloudera_java_family: (optional) Java family (7/8) to install. Default value: 8.
                      See notes below.


## Other variables ##

  - fqdn: (optional) Fully Qualified Domain Name of the host. If set, will use host's fqdn value as
          fullname of the host in CMS template. Otherwise will use ansible_fqdn.

Note that by default Cloudera Agent reports back using Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) from the same
Python code as Ansible ansible_fqdn:

>      python -c 'import socket; print socket.getfqdn(), socket.gethostbyname(socket.getfqdn())'

This may not be able to retrieve the correct FQDN in some cases.


## Notes on this role ##

 - This role will not install Java if the latter is present. It is useful in case user uses another
   role to install Java
 - This role tries to install Oracle Java, but will fall back to OpenJDK if failed
 - This role installs Unlimited Cryptographic Policy to Java, but recent changes make it redendant
    >      https://bugs.openjdk.java.net/browse/JDK-8170157
    >      https://bugs.openjdk.java.net/browse/JDK-8157561
   Still, it is still necessary for older version of Java.
   If user wants to omit this part, just skip tag "cdh-java-unilimited"


## Links ##

Manual instruction for installing Cloudera Manager Agent:
 - http://www.cloudera.com/documentation/enterprise/5-5-x/topics/installation_installation.html
 - http://www.cloudera.com/documentation/enterprise/5-5-x/topics/cm_ig_install_path_b.html
